=author RTHOMPSON


=plugin CheckVersionIncrement
before-release version

This plugin prevents your from releasing a distribution unless it has a
version number I<greater> than the latest version already indexed on CPAN.
Note that this plugin doesn't check whether your release method actually
involves the CPAN or not. So if you don't use the UploadToCPAN plugin for
releases, then you probably shouldn't use this one either.


=plugin CopyFilesFromBuild

This plugin will automatically copy the files that you specify in dist.ini
from the build directory into the distribution directoory. This is so you
can commit them to version control.
If you want to put a build-generated file in version control but you
I<don't> want it to I<remain> in the build dir, use C<move> instead of
C<copy>. When you use C<move>, the F<MANIFEST> file will be updated if it
exists, and the moved files will be pruned from their former location.


=plugin ReadmeAnyFromPod
documentation file-pruner install

Generates a README for your L<Dist::Zilla> powered dist from its
C<main_module> in any of several formats. The generated README can be
included in the build or created in the root of your dist for e.g.
inclusion into version control.


=plugin ReadmeMarkdownFromPod
documentation

Generate a README.mkdn from C<main_module> by L<Pod::Markdown>
The code is mostly a copy-paste of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ReadmeFromPod>


=plugin StaticVersion
version version-provider

This purpose of this plugin is to allow plugin bundles or other such things
to specify a specific version number. This allows one to write a
pluginbundle that decides based on its configuration whether to offer a
specific version number. You could not otherwise do this, because a static
version number is specified before any plugins in F<dist.ini>.
You shouldn't need to use this plugin directly in your F<dist.ini>.
