=author DAGOLDEN

=plugin CheckExtraTests
before-release tests tests-extra

This plugin ensures that the tests in the F<xt/> directory pass before
allowing a release.  It is a complement to the C<xtest> command and an
alternative to the L<ExtraTests|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ExtraTests> and
L<RunExtraTests|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::RunExtraTests> plugins.  (You
should probably use RunExtraTests instead.)

=plugin RunExtraTests
tests tests-extra

This plugin runs the tests in the F<xt/> directory when you do
S<C<dzil test>> or use the
L<TestRelease|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::TestRelease> plugin.  It's more
efficient than L<CheckExtraTests|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CheckExtraTests>
because it integrates more tightly with MakeMaker (and ModuleBuild),
allowing dzil to build the dist once and then run both the normal
tests and the extra tests.

=plugin >xtest
command

Run xt tests for your dist

=plugin AppendExternalData
file-munger file-pruner

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin appends files in a directory to files being
gathered for the distribution.

=plugin BumpVersionFromGit
git version version-control version-provider

B<NOTE> This distribution is B<deprecated>. The module has been reborn as
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Git::NextVersion> and included in the
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Git> distribution.

=plugin Doppelgaenger
after-release file-gatherer file-munger template

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin creates a new CPAN distribution with a new name
based on the latest stable distribution of a source module.

=plugin InsertCopyright
file-munger

This module replaces a special C<# COPYRIGHT> comment in your Perl source
files with a short notice appropriate to your declared copyright. The
special comment B<must> be placed before C<__END__>. Only the first such
comment will be replaced.

=plugin OSPrereqs
install metadata

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin allows you to specify OS-specific prerequisites.
You must give the plugin a name corresponding to an operating system that
would appear in C<<< $^O >>>. Any prerequisites listed will be
conditionally added to C<<< PREREQ_PM >>> in the Makefile.PL

=plugin Test::ChangesHasContent
template tests

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles>, providing the
following file:

=plugin Test::ReportPrereqs
tests

This L<Dist::Zilla> plugin adds a t/00-report-prereqs.t test file. If
AUTOMATED_TESTING is true, it reports the version of all modules listed in
the distribution metadata prerequisites (including 'recommends',
'suggests', etc.).