=author DROLSKY

=plugin Conflicts
install metadata prereqs

This plugin lets you declare conflicts with other modules (usually
dependencies of your module) in your F<dist.ini>.

=plugin @Mercurial
bundle version-control

This is a plugin bundle to load all git plugins. It is equivalent to:

=plugin ConsistentVersionTest
tests version

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles>, providing the
following files

=plugin Mercurial
version-control

This plugin provides Mercurial support for L<Dist::Zilla>. Currently, it
supports checking that the working copy is clean before release, tagging,
and pushing changes to the remote. The tag plugin also checks before
tagging to make sure that the tag it wants to use is unique.

=plugin Mercurial::Check
before-release version-control

This plugin checks that your working copy is in a clean state before
releasing. This means that C<hg status> returns no output.

=plugin Mercurial::Push
after-release version-control

Once the release is done, this plugin will push current Mercurial branch.

=plugin Mercurial::Tag
after-release before-release version-control

This plugin acts both before and after a release.

=plugin ModuleBuild::XSOrPP

Use this plugin instead of the regular C<ModuleBuild> plugin. It generates
a F<Build.PL> which is smart about building XS. It can accept a C<--pp>
flag to forcibly disable XS compilation. If no flag is passed, it tests
whether the installing machine has a working compiler, and disables XS if
this test fails.

=plugin PurePerlTests
file-gatherer tests

This plugin is for modules which ship with a dual XS/pure Perl
implementation.