=author RWSTAUNER


=plugin @ConfigSlicer
bundle

This plugin bundle actually wraps and modifies another plugin bundle. It
extends L<< C<@Filter>|Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Filter >> and
additionally consumes
L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::Config::Slicer|Dist::Zilla::Role::Plugin
Bundle::Config::Slicer> so that any plugin options will be passed in.
This way you can override the plugin configuration for any bundle that
doesn't consume
L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PluginBundle::Config::Slicer|Dist::Zilla::Role::Plugin
Bundle::Config::Slicer> as if it did!


=plugin CPANChangesTests
tests

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles>, providing the
following files:

  xt/release/cpan-changes.t - a standard Test::CPAN::Changes test


=plugin Git::DescribeVersion
git version version-control version-provider

This performs the L<Dist::Zilla::Role::VersionProvider> role. It uses
L<Git::DescribeVersion> to count the number of commits since the last tag
(matching I<match_pattern>) or since the initial commit, and uses the
result as the I<version> parameter for your distribution.
The plugin accepts the same options as L<Git::DescribeVersion/new>. See
L<Git::DescribeVersion/OPTIONS>.


=plugin PodLinkTests
documentation tests

See L</SYNOPSIS>.


=plugin Run::AfterBuild

This plugin executes the specified command after building the dist.


=plugin Run::AfterRelease
after-release

This plugin executes the specified command after releasing.


=plugin Run::BeforeBuild

This plugin executes the specified command before building the dist.


=plugin Run::BeforeRelease
before-release

This plugin executes the specified command before releasing.


=plugin Run::Release
releaser

This plugin executes the specified command for the release process.
This way you can specify a custom release command without needing any other
C<Releaser> plugin.


=plugin Run::Role::Runner

This is the base role for all the plugins L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Run>
delivers. You don't need this.


=plugin Run::Test
tests

This plugin executes the specified command during the test phase.


=plugin Test::Pod::LinkCheck
documentation tests

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles> providing the
following files:

  xt/release/pod-linkcheck.t - a standard Test::Pod::LinkCheck test


=plugin Test::Pod::No404s
documentation tests

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles> providing the
following files:

  xt/release/pod-no404s.t - a standard Test::Pod::No404s test
