=author YANICK


=plugin ChangeStats::Git
file-munger git version-control

Adds a line to the changelog giving some stats about the code churn since
the last release, which will look like:

  - code churn: 6 files changed, 111 insertions(+), 1 deletions(-)


=plugin CoalescePod
documentation file-munger

If the files I<Foo.pm> and I<Foo.pod> both exist, the content of the pod
file is appended at the end of the C<.pm>, and the pod file is removed.


=plugin Covenant
install template

C<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Covenant> adds the file 'I<AUTHOR_PLEDGE>' to the
distribution. The author as defined in I<dist.ini> is taken as being the
pledgee.
The I<META> file of the distribution is also modified to include a
I<x_author_pledge> stanza.


=plugin HelpWanted
install

C<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::HelpWanted> adds an C<x_help_wanted> field in the
META information of the distribution.


=plugin NextVersion::Semantic
after-release file-munger template version version-provider

Increases the distribution's version according to the semantic versioning
rules (see L<http://semver.org/>) by inspecting the changelog. 
More specifically, the plugin performs the following actions:


=plugin PreviousVersion::Changelog
changelog version

Plugin implementing the L<Dist::Zilla::Role::PreviousVersionProvider> role.
It provides the previous released version by peeking at the C<Changelog>
file and returning its latest release, skipping over C<{{$NEXT}}> if its
there (see L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::NextRelease>).
Note that this module uses L<CPAN::Changes> to parse the change log. If the
file is not well-formed according to its specs, strange things might
happen.


=plugin SchwartzRatio
after-release

The Schwartz Ratio of CPAN is the number of number of latest releases over
the total number of releases that CPAN has. For a single distribution, it
boils down to the less exciting number of previous releases still on CPAN. 
After a successful release, the plugin displays the releases of the
distribution still kickign around on CPAN, just to give an idea to the
author that maybe it's time to do some cleanup.
