=author BINGOS


=plugin GithubMeta
metadata git version-control

This plugin sets your distribution's C<resources> metadata based on
your Git remote specification to L<GitHub|https://github.com>.  It
does not perform any network access.


=plugin AssertOS
file-gatherer install metadata

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AssertOS is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that integrates
L<Devel::AssertOS> so that CPAN authors may easily stipulate which
particular OS environments their distributions may be built and installed
on.

The author specifies which OS or OS families are supported. The necessary
L<Devel::AssertOS> files are copied to the C<inc/> directory and
C<Makefile.PL> or C<Build.PL> is mungled to include the necessary
incantation.


=plugin FakeFaker
install

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::FakeFaker is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin for those
situations where one has already got a C<Makefile.PL> file of one's own
that has been lovingly handcrafted to do funky things and one wishes to
C<leverage> the power of L<Dist::Zilla>.
Instead of specifying C<[MakeMaker]> in one's C<dist.ini>, just specify
C<[FakeFaker]> and your C<Makefile.PL> will be used.


=plugin Meta::Dynamic::Config
metadata

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Meta::Dynamic::Config is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that
allows an author to specify in the C<META.json> and/or C<META.yml> files
produced by L<Dist::Zilla> that their distribution performs some dynamic
configuration as per L<CPAN::Meta::Spec>.

Normally this would not be required, but if you are providing your own
C<Makefile.PL> or L<Build.PL> and asking questions, sensing the
environment, etc. to generate a list of prereqs then C<dynamic_config>
should be set to a true value to satisfy the Meta specification.


=plugin NoAutomatedTesting
install

CPAN Testers are great and do a worthy and thankless job, testing all the
distributions uploaded to CPAN. But sometimes we don't want a distribution
to be tested by these gallant individuals.

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::NoAutomatedTesting is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that
mungles C<Makefile.PL> to detect that it is being run by a CPAN Tester and
C<exit 0> if it is.
